hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee so last year Lenovo had a gaming
laptop called the Y 50 very popular
laptop because it was respectable for
the price but there were two issues one
the screen wasn't very good but more
importantly the build quality was
questionable we had two of them at work
both of them developed hinge issues
after a couple of months so when the
successor came out with the Y 700 I held
off on a review I wanted to see if
issues would pop up over time but I'm
ready now to give you my Y 700 long-term
review so aesthetically it looks similar
to the older Y 50 it's the same pattern
aluminum surface that looks pretty nice
but fingerprints still show easily it's
pretty easy to upgrade if you remove a
bunch of screws on the bottom you get
access to the RAM slots and both drives
the 2.5 inch SATA drive and the m2 slot
it has a good number of ports on the
right we have USB 3s HDMI out and
Ethernet and on the Left we have the
power connection USB 2 SD card audio
jack and a system restore button there
is no Thunderbolt 3 connection though
the build quality is much improved over
the y50 after months of regular use the
hinge is still working perfectly it's
OpenAL with one hand and it's got nice
tension I don't love the location of the
hinge like you're still torquing it
every time you open it but the actual
mechanism is much better it's smoother
it's easier to open and most importantly
it's durable the inside surface is a
soft touch finish the keyboard is pretty
good the arrow keys are positioned a
little close to the adjacent keys but
the keystrokes are nice the backlighting
is red and even if you don't have it on
the sides of the keys are red so if
Red's not your favorite color tube head
the trackpad is okay it's a pretty
standard trackpad for an affordable
gaming laptop it has a smooth surface
decent tracking but I don't like the
buttons they're a little too shallow for
me and they need some pretty heavy
pressure to click but who cares right
you got a gaming mouse the screen is a
mixed bag so this one is a 1080p panel
it's not super bright and the viewing
angles are only okay but the contrast
and black levels are X
and when I'm playing games that's super
important to me unfortunately the screen
has poor color accuracy it doesn't
affect gaming for me because I don't
care Diablo's like the perfect hue of
red but I wouldn't want to use it for
color accurate video or photo work the
other thing I want to mention is that
the screen has a matte layer on it it's
actually one of very few laptops out
there that has a matte finish
touchscreen someone discovered that you
could take a hairdryer heat up the
adhesive and then peel off that layer so
I did it on one of the earlier units and
the immediate reaction was oh my god
this screen is so much nicer the thing
is it is a very reflective display so if
you plan on using this outdoors or
brightly lit environments I recommend
leaving it on like this one the speakers
are excellent JBL branded if that
matters loud clear and well positioned
it also has a subwoofer on the bottom so
the Y 700 took the crown for the best
speakers in my comparison video it's
running a skylake i7 with gtx 960m
properly cooled quiet on idle and it
doesn't get too loud at maximum load the
CPU does throttle a bit on benchmarks
but i've never noticed an issue for cat
applications or games so i think you're
probably good in terms of 1080p gaming
frame rates it'll easily handle light
games so ultra settings will still get
you over 60 frames per second
moderately demanding games will need
reduced graphics settings to maintain 60
frames per second and then very
demanding games you can still hit 50 or
60 frames per second but you'll
definitely need the lower graphics
settings or the screen resolution it's a
60 watt hour battery and battery life is
pretty good with screen at max
brightness so around 250 nits I was
getting three to four hours of regular
use and then one and a half hours of
gameplay
ok the lenovo Y 700 it has a much
improved build quality from the previous
white 50 the touchscreen display is
great for playing games but it lacks the
gamut for color accurate work the
keyboard is good and has red
backlighting trackpad is just okay
inside the i7 and the 960m are properly
cooled and they can handle most current
games reasonably well it has 16 gigs of
RAM and one terabyte hard drive and it's
fueled by a respectable 60 watt hour
battery pricing starts at just over a
thousand dollars so I think lenovo did a
really good job in this laptop they took
the y50 community feedback
stuff that was broken and made the Y 700
if you're an avid gamer and you don't
need like a super color accurate display
this is one of the best available gaming
laptops right now at this price point if
you do need a super color accurate
display this is not the one for you
that's the end of this video hope you
guys liked it give me some thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice see
you guys next time